<sub>This document is currently in draft and is not currently legally binding.</sub>

## Definitions

The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural, captalized or not.

When we say "Adapt", "we", "our", and "us", we mean Adapt Chat.

When we say "service", and "services", we mean the service we provide.

The terms are subjected to change at any time, we will notify you via an email and/or a prominent notice on our service at least 30 days in advance.

**If you do not agree to abide by the term, please exit the website and/or app**

**By accessing our service, you agree to the following terms:**

## Jurisdiction

These terms will be interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Maryland and the laws of the United States of America.

## Privacy Policy

Please also refer to our [Privacy Policy](https://adapt.chat/privacy)

## Age Requirements

You confirm that you are at least 13 years old and meet the minimum age as required by law in the jurisdiction and/or country you reside.

For more details please refer to your local jurisdiction.

## Contents

"content" refers to everything you add to our service, including but not limited to: your messages, images, avatars, attachments, or other media.

You are responsible for ensuring that you have the legal rights to add such content, your content is lawful, and that you grant the licenses as described below to us.

You own your content, but you grant a license to it when you uses Adapt. We do not own the contents but need to have a license to display them on our services.

You agree to grant us a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, irrevocable, transferable, and perpetual license which allows us to:

* Use, copy, store, distribute, communicate, and transfer your content.
* Publicly display, perform, and store your content if you've chosen to do so.
* Modify, edit, translate, reformat, and change your content.
* Sublicense your content.

We reserve the right to delete, remove, block, or hide your content if it infringes any applicable law/regulations, our other policies, or as we deem necessary.

Feedback is also a form of content that you generate, by providing us with any feedback, you grant us the above license so we can use the feedback generated by you and implement it in our service without any restrictions.

**We neither create nor endorse any of the content generated by the user**

The user's content does not represent our view and we are not responsible for any loss/damage that you incurred due to uploading content to our platform.

## Intellectual Property

You ackowledges that Adapt retains all rights in all copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents, and any other proprietary rights of the services created by us, our logos, banners, graphics, logo, API (Application Programming Interfaces) comprising the service, unless otherwise specified.

## Links to Other Websites

Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy and Terms of Services of every site You visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

## Warranty

This service is provided "as is" and "as available", without warranty of any kind, nor any warranty and/or liability for any outcomes caused by using our services, we are not responsible for any content as stated in the previous section.

## Self-Hosted

Adapt is entirely open-sourced, which enables the user to host their version of Adapt and modify it as they deem fit. Adapt is not responsible for self-hosted instances, we provide no warranty and owe no liability to any content generated on self-hosted instances, such responsibility lays solely on the respective owner(s). Adapt has no relation to those self-hosted instances. We may provide support to any difficulty encountered, but that is sole "best effort" only, and is up to us to determine how much support we are willing to provide.

## Termination

We reserve the right to terminate and/or suspend access to our services whenever we deem fit, without any form of prior notice via any media, for whatever reason, which could include violating these Terms of Service.

